# Wishlists endpoints

These are endpoints defined in `WishlistController.java`. They are used to interact with the Wishlist API.

## `Wishlist` Model

A `Wishlist` object has the following fields:

- **Long** _id_: The `id` address of the wishlist. It is autogenerated and is read-only.

- **String** _name_: The name or title of the wishlist. Can be updated.

- **User** _user_: The [user](/Documentation/UserEndpoints.md#user-model) that this wishlist belongs to.

- **`List<Movie>`** movie: A list of [Movie](/Documentation/MovieEndpoints.md) objects that are within this Wishlist.

## Endpoints

### **GET** `/wishlists` (`List<Wishlist>`)

Get all wishlists as a list of [`Wishlist`](#wishlist-model) Objects.

### **GET** `/wishlists/{id}` (`Wishlist`)

Get a wishlist by `id` (`Long`). If a wishlist with the given id doesn't exist, a "Status 204: No Content" response will be returned instead.

### **POST** `/wishlists` (`Wishlist`)

Create a wishlist.

In order to create a wishlist, you also need to pass a JSON request body containing the following fields:

```ts
type RequestBody = {
  // Name of the Wishlist
  name: String;
  // User that this wishlist belongs to.
  user: { email: String };
};
```

### **PUT** `/wishlists/{id}` (`Wishlist`)

Update a wishlist.

you also need to pass a JSON request body containing the following fields:

```ts
type RequestBody = {
  // Name of the Wishlist
  name: String;
};
```

### **DELETE** `/wishlists` (`List<Wishlist>`)

Delete all wishlists. The list of wishlists that are deleted are returned as the response.

### **DELETE** `/wishlists/{id}` (`Wishlist`)

Delete wishlist by `id`. The wishlist that is deleted is returned as the response.

If no Wishlist with the given `id` exists, then a Status 204: No Content response is returned instead.
